Loan Management System (JS Stack & MySQL)
Created By: Aashish Khandelwal
Contact No.: 9691536456, 9406600788
Email: ashish.khandelwal201@gmail.com
To setup this mini loan app in local follow the steps mentioned below - 


1) Take a clone of the code from my github url with command - git clone https://github.com/ashishkhandelwal201/techdomaashish.git
2) Install the required packages with the help of package.json with command - npm install
3) Create a blank database in local mysql with name techdom.
4) Download the exported .sql file from my mail and run command - mysql -u root -p techdom < path/to/techdom.sql
5) Make the changes in config > database.js according to your local mysql username and password(in my case it was root root).
6) Run the project with command - node app.js
7) Access it on http://localhost:4004 port.

To access the user route -
username - user
password - user

To access the admin route -
username - admin
password - admin

Brief description of the flow of project assignment
1) User login first and request for the desired amount of loan.
- An API "apply-for-loan/:user_id" got hitted which adds the desired amount with respect to that user in DB with status pending.
- This entry will be visible to that user only below the requested field with status pending

2) Admin login where he can able to see all requested loans in the table and with requested amount and username.
- Admin can make them approve by clicking on approve with respect to respect user and amount.
- An API "approve-loan/:loan_id" got hitted which makes the loan status as approve in the DB.
- At the same time it splits the amount in 3 equal installments and add the splited amount in repayments table.

3) Now whenerver the same user logins again , the "Pay this loan" option automatically gets appear when it is approve from the admin side.
- When user clicks on it all that 3 splited amounts displayed in tabluar form and their is a option for "pay this installment"
- When user clicks on it an API "paid-repayments/:loan_id/:repayment_id" gets called which makes the repamnet status as paid.
- On the user side their is loader which is showing UPI payment is in progress for 2 seconds and then acknowledged user about the payment as been done.


If you find any diffculty in regards with seeting up the project in local, Please let me know
Call - 9691536456
Whats App - 9406600788 